{{text:2Kg 5&#58;17-25
When you read the Bible, ask God to speak to you. With a life like this, you will know that your life is not in anyone's hand. 
When the physical philistines are not there, the spiritual philistines are always there. Prayer (asking God for guidance) is the way to go. 

Do not Waite to be captured by the philistines before you pray and seek God's protection and guidance, do this before the spiritual kidnappers come around. This year will be a year of prayer. 

Your greatest weapon as a leader is prayer. David did it and prevailed. God has not organized His church to be managed by committed but through a leader He refers to as "angel of the church".

Jeremiah 1&#58;6-8
Prayer is talking to God. It becomes a complaint or murmuring when I rather choose to talk to man. 

God answers the prayers of His people but He will not give you what you cannot handle, what will take you away from His purpose for you. 

2Corinthians 2&#58;14; Deuteronomy 2&#58; 24,
We are sweet announcers of the knowledge of Christ everywhere we are. 
God gave the land to Israel and yet asked them to contend for it. There are things given to you that you have not possessed yet. You will need to contend for what has been given to you. 

Somethings that happen to us, we need to see some of them as coming from God, to sharpen our thoughts, ginger us to pray. Could my challenges at the office be seen in this light?

Daniel 6&#58; 20-28.
After the prayer of the covenant month, we begin to possess. Daniel is an example of a man who prospered in everything he did through prayer. Even when a decree was made against prayer, he went ahead and prayed still. 


THIS YEAR WILL BE A YEAR OF PRAYER FOR ALL THAT GOD WANTS TO DO TO MANIFEST.
Our prayers must be accompanied with fasting.
1. All leaders must pick a day (or days) when they will fast. It is critical. I chose MONDAY and FRIDAY.

My prayer request number-1 will be how to please God. We need meekness, faith, humility, etc.
After praying for ourselves, we them pray for others (others who are not yet saved). 

We need to set a target for ourselves, number of souls that would be won by us.
Write the name of three that you want to be saved and as you pray every include them in your daily prayer. Bombard heaven with prayers on these people and do not talk to them yet. At the end of the three months, speak to God that you want to speak to them, and go and speak to them. 

The same counsel above on getting converts, we teach our members to follow the same pattern as well. 

Support the members of your HCF in whatever way you can but do not become an El-Shaddai for them. Teach them faith. Identify those you can support. It will not be everyone so that you do not pour your water into a basket. 

We will be having once a month physical prayer of about 2-3 hours on Saturday as of old. 

Congress now is August, no longer January. 
Our daily prayer is important. 

I can use 30 minutes prayer in my office daily. 

Even when you want to do follow up, learn to pray for it. Barnabas an dPaul were to go out for follow up but we did not know if they prayed. The ministry of Barnabas was abruptly cut short by the argument that arose from a plan to do a good venture that is pleasing to God. 
]text_span:[]}}