{{text:The rocket with its satellite.
Nations strive to put satellite into space and spend so much on this.
What do you imagine? Do you think that the space scientists spend all the resources given to them to make the rocket look beautifully endowed or spend the greatest amount of the resources to nourish the satellite (which only will reach the space to achieve the country's objectives - military, agriculture, weather forecast, etc.) 

Space scientists only spend as much as is necessary to ensure that the rocket has the essential resources (fuel of right quantity and state built with materials of right strength, durability and density) to do the job of taking the satellite to space. The greatest investment is on equipping the satellite with every gadget (computerized system) that is needed to achieve the objectives. As the satellite soars to the space, the rocket will disintegrate along the way and release the satellite (the precious soul of the satellite) to continue on its journey to fulfill its objectives.

There is a correlation between the human body and its spirit with the rocket and its satellite. I need us to see the human body as the rocket that conveys the satellite to its place of assignment and, the satellite to God's spirit in us. As the rocket will disintegrate and release the satellite to the space, so will the human body disintegrate and release the spirit to its realm. 

God designed our body to convey us around to our places of assignment here on earth. With our legs, we reach the farm; with the eyes we see the way, with the brain, we know how to farm, with the hands, we do the work and harvest the crops and prepare the food; our mouth, tongue, teeth and saliva collaborate together to process the food and send it to the stomach for final processing and we are able to extract energy and vitality from it to move around to achieve God's objectives for us on earth (DO GOOD- showing love, offering help, maintaining peace and worshipping God). 

While on our assignment here on earth, there are pleasures permitted unto us- enjoy your food and your water, see a sister/brother you like and share your lives together and be satisfied with one another, delight yourselves in the children the Lord gives you both, to accomplish one of His objectives for you (procreation- the perpetuity of the human race).

At the expiration of your life here on earth when your body (the rocket) has finished its job, it will release your spirit (the satellite) to go its place of eternal assignment. For obedient spirits, they go to paradise to join the heavenly host to worship the King forevermore, and for the disobedient spirit, hell to serve the punishment of eternal burning forevermore.

Nations do not spend all their resources on building the rocket, a substantial portion is spent on building the satellite. Therefore, men should also not spend all their resources on the body, a substantial portion should be spent on developing the spirit of man. That is the part of us that will enter eternity. It is the us that will live forever. 




]text_span:[{"a":"bold","b":0,"c":30},{"a":"underline","b":0,"c":30},{"a":"bold","b":1020,"c":1115},{"a":"italic","b":1020,"c":1115}]}}