{{text:THE FAITH AND FAITHFULNESS FOR HIGHER GROUND 

1. The fundamental reasons for wasted years in the past
Deuteronomy 2&#58;14
They saw the giants and did not see God; saw themselves as grasshoppers and not as God's chosen people; the mixed multitude spoke in unbelief and the congregation joined them, also lusted for the flesh and the congregation joined them.

We need to look at our past wasted years. What was responsible? Was it unbelief in God, in ourselves?
Was it because of disappointment by people around us? We need to think, reflect. Was it because of our tongue? That was what sold the children of Israel. 

We need to find out the fundamental reasons for the past wasted years.
Did we sleep too much, like Jonah at the bottom of the ship.


2. Our faithful response for a wonderful year of progress
There are different kinds of keys. There is the key that opens the kitchen door for us to eat and eat. There is another key to the door of the library where we can get knowledge. There is the key to the resting room where we can go and sleep.
There is however a master key that opens all these places- kitchen, library, resting room, etc. God has the key of life and death. Thou art Onuche and the Lord has given me the key of the kingdom of heaven. The things I bind are bound in heaven and the things I loose are loosed in heaven. Herold finished James and thought he would finish Onuche. But Onuche was sleeping and waiting for tomorrow but, while I was sleeping, heaven was very active for me and sent an angel.
There is no prison in this coming year that is strong enough to hold me down. The angel tapped me, the chains fell off my hands and the angel told me, "get up".  What the angel told me, I heard but my enemies did not hear. The angel said, "come" and I obeyed and walked into my liberty. 

As I get near to any locked door, my presence will open many doors. While all these progress were going on, my enemies were still sleeping. Peter thought that he was dreaming. The progress that is coming to me this new year, I will think that I am have been dreaming.

My name will disappoint all my enemies.

The angel will bring me out of every imprisonment and incarceration. As I come out, I will use my natural thinking. I will go to where they are praying and knock on the door there to let me in. They will hear my voice this year and will rejoice for me and with me. 

When my brethren will hear of my progress, they will not be able to understand how fast heaven has responded to their prayers for me. This coming year, when I pray, the answer to my prayer will be standing in front of me. The testimony of Peter is everywhere the Bible is read. Even so my testimony will reach everywhere. 
Herold looked for Peter (me) and could not find him (me). Sorry for Herold. He forgot what he did to Peter (me) but God has not forgotten what he to Peter (me). The angel that delivered me will smite Herold. 


3. The full resources for waiters in these next years of peculiar pursuit

Isaiah 40&#58;2, 8-31
This coming year, I will not pursue anything ordinary because I have the full resources of grace (which is sufficient for me). I have greater faith, glorious faith. When both grace and faith in my life join together in my life, nothing shall be impossible. I am entering into a year of all sufficiency. The full resources are now avail for me. I have the paper, pen and the brain (in its fullness) to write my wish. All resources are available. The name Onuche will succeed , achieve, will cross over.


]text_span:[{"a":"bold","b":0,"c":44},{"a":"bold","b":47,"c":102},{"a":"italic","b":47,"c":102},{"a":"bold","b":103,"c":119},{"a":"bold","b":749,"c":806},{"a":"italic","b":749,"c":806},{"a":"bold","b":2923,"c":2996},{"a":"italic","b":2923,"c":2996},{"a":"bold","b":2998,"c":3015}]}}