{{text:God has two buses for the whole humanity - bus-white going to His paradise city, and the bus-grey going to His place of punishment (hell).
All of humanity must decide on the bus they choose to travel on.

As the pre-destinations of both buses are different, so are the condition of living for the passengers on both buses. Their drivers are also different and they have opposite rules of life for their passengers.

Bus-white and bus-grey are traveling along the same path and limited interactions are permitted for the passengers. They must of course separate at the end of the journey to spend eternity in the predestinated abide of their buses. 

In bus-grey, liberty unlimited is the rule of life. Passengers can kill, steal from one another, fight, cheat, mess up co-passengers daughters and wives, husbands and sons. In bus-grey, men can have intimacy with men including male and female animals. Women also do this. Bus-grey's driver not only permits these, he actually encourages his passengers to enjoy their limitless liberties and to think up and take up deeper 'pleasurable ventures'. Get wealth by all means, they are encouraged to, all means include sacrificing their loved ones (mothers , fathers, children, friends, colleagues and strangers) for money.

On bus-white, the rules of life are completely the opposite&#58; stealing, fighting, messing up with unmarried opposite gender, unforgiveness, hatred and such like behaviors are strictly forbidden. Peace, love, faith in the driver, meekness, gentleness, long suffering, temperance and joy, even under difficult conditions are the rules of life. 

Along the way to their predestined cities of inheritance, bus-grey's passengers are encouraged by their driver to use all forms of whims (seduction, wealth display, intellect antagonism beauty pageantry, etc.) to entice bus-white passengers to change bus. Those that resist their overtures are to be viciously persecuted.

The Lord of the two buses desires that passengers in bus-grey will disembark and enter bus-white and no passenger in bus-white disembarks from where has chosen originally. He does not compel any passenger to change or remain on any bus but He has predestinated the final home of the two buses with their load of passengers. 

The unlimited liberties and the fleeting sensual pleasures made available on bus-white has drawn many passengers onto it. Here, the passengers are not conscious of the predetermined end of the journey. On the other hand, the temporary hardship on bus-white has made the pleasure-seeking passengers to avoid bus-white. The few passengers there are constantly conscious of their predestinated end.

On which bus are you right now? Bus-white or bus-grey? 
Wherever you are, it is choice that you have made. Enjoy the ride to the predestinated end.

Good morning.

]text_span:[]}}